# Plot Clustering of Countries Based on Seasonal Dynamics

This function visualizes the clustering of countries based on seasonal
precipitation or cholera cases. It generates a map showing the clusters,
and a multi-panel plot showing the fitted Fourier series values for each
cluster.

## Usage

``` r
plot_seasonal_clustering(
  PATHS,
  use_cases = FALSE,
  set_inferred_to_na = TRUE,
  clustering_method = "hierarchical",
  k = 4
)
```

## Arguments

- PATHS:

  A list containing paths where processed climate, cholera, and fitted
  data are stored. Typically generated by the
  [`get_paths()`](https://institutefordiseasemodeling.github.io/MOSAIC-pkg/reference/get_paths.md)
  function and should include:

  - **DATA_SHAPEFILES**: Path to the directory containing shapefiles for
    African countries.

  - **DOCS_TABLES**: Path to load the processed precipitation, fitted
    values, and clustering results.

  - **DOCS_FIGURES**: Path to save the output plot.

- use_cases:

  A logical value. If `TRUE`, clustering is based on Fourier series
  fitted to cholera cases. If `FALSE`, clustering is based on
  precipitation.

- set_inferred_to_na:

  A logical value. If `TRUE`, inferred countries are set to `NA` in the
  clustering. Default is `TRUE` when using precipitation, `FALSE` when
  using cases.

- clustering_method:

  A character string specifying the clustering method. Options are
  `"kmeans"`, `"ward.D2"`, `"dbscan"`, or `"knn"`. Default is
  `"ward.D2"` for hierarchical clustering.

- k:

  An integer specifying the number of clusters for k-means and
  hierarchical clustering. Default is 4.

## Value

The function generates and saves a PNG file showing the clustering of
countries based on seasonal dynamics.
