# Plot ENSO and DMI Data

This function creates a facet plot to visualize ENSO and DMI data over
time, with separate panels for each variable (DMI, ENSO3, ENSO34,
ENSO4). A horizontal line at zero is included to indicate the neutral
value, and a vertical line marks the current date, with the date
displayed vertically on the left side of the line.

## Usage

``` r
plot_ENSO_data(PATHS, frequency)
```

## Arguments

- PATHS:

  A list containing paths where ENSO and DMI data are stored and where
  output figures should be saved. Typically generated by the
  [`get_paths()`](https://institutefordiseasemodeling.github.io/MOSAIC-pkg/reference/get_paths.md)
  function and should include:

  - **DATA_ENSO**: Path to the directory containing the compiled ENSO
    and DMI data.

  - **DOCS_FIGURES**: Path to the directory where the output figure will
    be saved.

## Value

A ggplot facet plot showing the time series of DMI, ENSO3, ENSO34, and
ENSO4 over time. The plot includes:

- A horizontal solid line at zero to indicate the neutral sea surface
  temperature anomaly.

- A vertical dashed line to indicate the current date, with the current
  date displayed as vertical text.

- Facets for each variable, allowing for easy comparison of DMI and ENSO
  regions.

## Details

This function uses `ggplot2` to create a line plot with facets for each
variable (DMI, ENSO3, ENSO34, and ENSO4). It adds a horizontal reference
line at zero and a vertical line representing the current date. The
current date is displayed as vertical text aligned to the left of the
vertical line. The data is expected to be in a `date`, `variable`, and
`value` format.

## Examples

``` r
if (FALSE) { # \dontrun{
# Load the ENSO and DMI data and plot it
PATHS <- get_paths()
plot_ENSO_data(PATHS)
} # }
```
