# Process Country Similarity Data for African Countries

This function processes a global country similarity distance matrix and
extracts the subset of African countries, normalizes country names, and
matches them to ISO3 codes. The resulting matrix for African countries
is saved as a CSV file. Country similarity data comes from the
[Objective Lists Country Similarity
Index](https://objectivelists.com/country-similarity-index/).

## Usage

``` r
process_country_similarity_data(PATHS)
```

## Arguments

- PATHS:

  A list containing the paths where raw and processed data are stored.
  Typically generated by the
  [`get_paths()`](https://institutefordiseasemodeling.github.io/MOSAIC-pkg/reference/get_paths.md)
  function, and should include:

  - **DATA_RAW**: Path to the directory containing the raw similarity
    matrix data.

  - **DATA_SIMILARITY_MATRIX**: Path to the directory where the
    processed African similarity matrix will be saved.

## Value

The function saves the processed similarity matrix for African countries
in the specified directory.

## Details

This function performs the following steps:

1.  Loads a global similarity distance matrix from a CSV file.

2.  Normalizes country names to title case and replaces non-standard
    names like "Ivory Coast" with "Côte d'Ivoire" to match ISO3 country
    standards.

3.  Subsets the matrix to only include African countries, based on ISO3
    codes provided by
    [`MOSAIC::iso_codes_africa`](https://institutefordiseasemodeling.github.io/MOSAIC-pkg/reference/iso_codes_africa.md).

4.  Outputs a CSV file containing the similarity matrix for African
    countries, with row and column names in ISO3 format.

## Examples

``` r
if (FALSE) { # \dontrun{
# Example usage to process the country similarity matrix for African countries
PATHS <- get_paths()
process_country_similarity_data(PATHS)
} # }
```
